Add format_string routine to format other types to strings (#444)
fortran-lang/stdlib: doc/specs/stdlib_strings.md

end program demo_find
```

<!-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -->
### `format_string`

#### Description

Format or transfer a integer/real/complex/logical variable as a character sequence.

#### Syntax

`format_string = [[stdlib_strings(module):format_string(interface)]] (value [, format])`

#### Status

Experimental

#### Class

Pure function

#### Argument

- `value`: Integer/real/complex/logical scalar.
  This argument is intent(in).
- `format`: Character scalar like `'(F6.2)'`.
  This argument is intent(in) and optional.

#### Result value

The result is a allocatable length Character scalar.

#### Example

```fortran

> program test_strings_format_string

Reviewer: I liked the previous example more as it actually demonstrates how the `format_string` function would be used in practice.

Reviewer 2: I went back to the previous example, and made more detailed comments to make it easier to read.

end program demo_find
```

<!-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -->
### `format_string`

#### Description

Format or transfer a integer/real/complex/logical variable as a character sequence.

#### Syntax

> `format_string = [[stdlib_strings(module):format_string(interface)]] (value, [, format])`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`format_string = [[stdlib_strings(module):format_string(interface)]] (value[, format])`
```

end program demo_count
```

<!-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -->
### `to_string`

#### Description

Format or transfer a `integer/real/complex/logical` scalar as a string.  
Input a wrong `format` that cause the internal-IO to fail, the result value is a string of `[*]`.

#### Syntax

`string = [[stdlib_strings(module):to_string(interface)]] (value [, format])`

#### Status

Experimental

#### Class

Pure function.

#### Argument

- `value`: Shall be an `integer/real/complex/logical` scalar.
  This is an `intent(in)` argument.

> - `format`: Shall be a `character(len=*)` scalar like `'(F6.2)'`.

Reviewer 3: @zoziha @awvwgk Suggestion for docs improvement, to go together with https://github.com/fortran-lang/stdlib/pull/444#discussion_r693108150.

```suggestion
- `format`: Shall be a `character(len=*)` scalar that contains the edit descriptor to format `value` into a string,
  for example `'(F6.2)'` or `'(f6.2)'`. `to_string` will automatically enclose `format` in a set of parentheses,
  so passing `F6.2` or `f6.2` as `format` is possible as well.
```
